Update release instruction (#104)
helen/action-wordpress-plugin-deploy: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Release instructions

1. Branch: Starting from `develop`, cut a release branch named `release/X.Y.Z` for your changes.
1. Changelog: Add/update the changelog in `CHANGELOG.md`. 
1. Props: update `CREDITS.md` file with any new contributors, confirm maintainers are accurate.
1. Readme updates: Make any other readme changes as necessary in `README.md`.
1. Merge: Make a non-fast-forward merge from your release branch to `develop` (or merge the pull request), then merge `develop` into `stable` (`git checkout stable && git merge --no-ff develop`).
1. Push: Push your stable branch to GitHub (e.g. `git push origin stable`).
1. Release: Create a [new release](https://github.com/10up/action-wordpress-plugin-deploy/releases/new), naming the tag and the release with the new version number, and targeting the `stable` branch. Paste the changelog from `CHANGELOG.md` into the body of the release and include a link to the closed issues on the [milestone](https://github.com/10up/action-wordpress-plugin-deploy/milestones/#?closed=1).  The release should now appear under [releases](https://github.com/10up/action-wordpress-plugin-deploy/releases).

> 1. Ensure it appears in the GitHub Marketplace correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure the release [appears in the GitHub Marketplace](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/wordpress-plugin-deploy) correctly.
```
